Please click on this button here called outputs for Step Seven competition.
It's all the data is automatically pulled over if you entered in the details here you'll see little
brackets here.
That's because if you haven't written in who your largest competitor in it won't show up but if you
have it will show up there.
And then if you just scroll down we got the strength and weaknesses of your largest competitor strengths
weaknesses of your second third and then fourth and fifth are the these are optional and you can even
turn off the fourth largest here and then you can even turn off the fifth looks like how can you turn
it off but you can you can turn that on and off there if you want to.
And then we've got the description of our company's strengths compared to the competition strength.
If you answer that information in this part here Step 7 inputs analysis will appear here.
Same thing with weaknesses.
And then rents lather repeat.
Same thing with the discussion of our management compared to the competition's management.
Our pricing strategy versus the competition and we are done with Step 7 outputs.
I will see you in step 8 inputs next.